modern yoga is about healing yourself
mentally physically and emotionally by
going to a place where you face your
fears and find your inner strength at
Yoga Barre we encourage you to honor
your body and challenge your mindsets in
a way that soothes the soul once you
enter the studio it's all about you and
your yoga mat no matter where you are on
your health journey our staff are there
to reassure you in a non-threatening
environment sweat away the worries of
life in our hot room which uses infrared
heating heating your core temperature
from the inside out each session is
designed to take you on a journey of
self awareness self acceptance and
growth
for some of our classes we offer child
mining services so parents can unwind
while the kids use up all their extra
energy when you come to yoga Bear you
instantly feel at home with an authentic
luxurious feel throughout the venue and
real people to come alongside you on
your journey
I've come about 3 times a week and you
walk into the room and you think you
have a big issue by the time you walk
out the issues not that big anymore to
feel energized mentally and physically
I'm suffering from sore back about 30
years my back gets really tired just the
exercise the stretchings been great
karen is just a beautiful person and the
staff everyone's encouraging so you
can't do something you don't feel
intimidated
I look forward to it every day I often
come to the very early first class so I
come when it's dark and the Sun comes up
and I mean they're doing way over I just
love it get back to your bare self at
Yoga bear